Each course in this Nanodegree program concludes in a project.
At the end of the Lidar course,
you'll build the Obstacle Detection project in which
you'll detect objects from 3D lidar point clouds.
This is real point cloud data that you'll be
segmenting and clustering in order to detect objects.
In particular, you'll apply
the k-d trees machine learning algorithm to
group points together in order to draw bounding boxes around objects.
At the conclusion of the camera course,
you'll build the track and object in 3D space project.
In this project, you'll fuse together data from both cameras and lidars.
First, you'll apply neural networks to camera images.
Then you'll identify where objects are in the same environment using lidar point clouds.
Then you'll fuse this data together using back projection to project
the data from 3D lidar point clouds into the two-dimensional space of a camera image.
At the conclusion of the common filter course,
you'll build the Unscented Kalman Filter Highway project.
In this project, you'll fuse together data from
radar and lidar units in order to track vehicles on a highway.
In particular, you'll build
an Unscented Kalman Filter in order to track vehicles engaged in nonlinear motion,
so for example, vehicles that might be
changing lanes back and forth as they drive down the highway.